h1. Earn It!

This is a small project I'm developing to help my children stay motivated to doing their chores etc. This is based on a cost/rewards system where there are actions that will cost the individual, such as xbox time or having to be told to do their chores, and actions that will reward the individual, such as doing the chores without being reminded or being kind to each other.

For those who just want to better themselves, you could use this as a way of personally driving your goals forward and seeing the good or bad results in the data.

I'm developing this so that it can act as a service with all the proper respond to's etc. I hope it helps others as much as it is helping our family.

h1. Small Requirements

This is built around "CouchDB":http://couchdb.apache.org/ so there is the requirement of having that installed and running. You can "go here to download it":http://couchdb.apache.org/downloads.html , and "here for help installing it":http://wiki.apache.org/couchdb/Installation . I have also found the guys in #couchdb on freenode (irc) to be very helpful as well.

I'm also using this project as a way to help test and flesh out my "couched_model":http://github.com/m3talsmith/couched_model wrapper, with the goal of getting a true "CouchDB ActiveRecord Adapter":http://github.com/m3talsmith/ActiveRecord-CouchDB-Adapter built in the near future.

h1. License

This project is licensed under the GPL 3.0. Feel free to copy, fork, use, etc, as long as you abide by those terms. 